thank you the group Renault for
sponsoring this video at CES 2018 check
out their symbiotes concept car in the
description down below
we're here at table pong they have these
Atari pong tables for $2,800 they've got
these chairs for 250 bucks it can
display the time or the scoreboard on
the table it has RGB lighting but who
cares let's let's just play that's kind
of all doing okay two-player mode then
you have to tap an orange button so that
you lock in your number here okay so I
serve that's what I mean have you tried
this already I have okay give me okay
okay so three three three two one play
against the AI press press one player
does this work
hold on what's in it so let's go man
that's how it used to be let's see if
you can beat me I'm gonna pretend I'm
playing your control level is pretty
you got to spin a lot it's realistic
though who's gonna be some real if
you're on the wrong side and you need to
get over you have to go really fast
[Music]
oh I'm good computer play yeah yeah how
you like that how you like that no wow
that's right that's right baby no no so
you kids today you want to play your
your digital game maybe you have an
advantage like analog games
[Music]
[Applause]
what you know I'm taking it twice
oh okay okay now let's not even against
the thing tell you what why don't you
play the game
[Music]
that's pretty close that was pretty
close good job good job all right
thanks for grouper known for sponsoring
this video check of the symbiotes car in
the concept in the description down
below
lioness rode in it in France with a
laptop in the front seat yeah it's like
seriously cool I was wearing a VR
headset at one point in the sensors of
the car we tied into the headset so that
I would see like virtual representations
of cars and objects around me as like
flocks of birds going past while he's
driving down the road because it's level
4 autonomous so it completely drives
itself yeah it was one of the weirdest
experiences of my life just like taking
my hands off the wheel so guys if you
want to see group rhinos vision of the
future of autonomous driving you can
check out that video on the link below
rematch
sure this is freaky this is very feisty
$2,800 I think and then 250 bucks if you
want the two chairs yes which you should
probably give the two chairs because
it's a little low and these are the
perfect height for it anyways thanks for
watching like it if you liked it dislike
if you disliked it get subscribed to see
no more CES content because this is it
I'll see you later
[Music]
but
whoa